
## Usage
This section describes how to use the SDK to generate and share keys, with a client doing an exchange with a server. Follow these steps to utilize the SDK.

### Basic Example

#### Step 1 (Client Side) | Generate Pub/Prv Keys and Send Public Key to Server

```typescript
import { kyberHandshaker } from '@fofonet/crypto';

const handshaker = new kyberHandshaker();
const { PublicKey, PrivateKey } = handshaker.generateKeys();
```

#### Step 2 (Server Side) | Use Public Key to Accept Handshake and Generate Handshake Data

```typescript
import { kyberHandshaker } from '@fofonet/crypto';

const handshaker2 = new kyberHandshaker()
const handShakeData = handshaker2.generateKeyHandshake(PublicKey); // Pass the PublicKey generated in Step 1
const SharedSecret = handShakeData.ss1 as Buffer;

returnToClient(handShakeData.c);
```

#### Step 3 (Client Side) | Accept Handshake Data to Receive the Shared Secret

```typescript
const SharedSecret = handshaker.ConsumeHandshake(c, PrivateKey);
```

#### Step 4 (Server / Client Side) | Each side can now encrypt or decrypt messages to one another:

```typescript
import { encryptString, decryptString } from '@fofonet/crypto';

const plaintext = 'Hello, World!';
const encrypted = encryptString(plaintext, SharedSecret);
const decrypted = decryptString(encrypted, SharedSecret);
```

## API Reference
Here, you can describe each function and class in detail, including parameters and return values. Check the source code for complete details.
### Module Functions / Classes
##### `function encryptString(data: string, key: string | Buffer): string`
Encrypts a string using AES-256. Takes a key generated using `generatePassphrase` a key ultimately generated by `generateKeyHandshake` or `ConsumeHandshake` from the *kyberHandshaker* class.

##### `function decryptString(encryptedString: string, key: string | Buffer): string`
Decrypts an encrypted string using AES-256. Takes a key generated using `generatePassphrase` a key ultimately generated by `generateKeyHandshake` or `ConsumeHandshake` from the *kyberHandshaker* class.

##### `function generatePassphrase(passphrase: number[] = []): string`
Generates a random passpharse for use with the `decryptString` or `encryptString` functions.

### `class kyberHandshaker` 

#### Class Description

The `kyberHandshaker` class provides a secure way to establish an encrypted connection between two parties. It leverages the Crystals Kyber algorithm for secure key exchange, and then AES-256 encryption for the data itself.

#### Class Methods

##### `generateKeys()`

This method generates a pair of public and private keys using the Kyber algorithm.
**Returns:** An object containing the public and private keys.

##### `generateKeyHandshake(publicKey)`

This method accepts the public key from the other party and generates the handshake data, including the shared secret.
**Parameters:** publicKey - The public key from the other party.
**Returns:** An object containing the handshake data.

##### `ConsumeHandshake(c, privateKey)`

This method accepts the handshake data from the server and the client's private key to derive the shared secret.
**Parameters:**
- c - The handshake data from the server.
- privateKey - The client's private key.
**Returns:** The shared secret as a Buffer.
